README.md, before:

# My Personal Project 

## JavaType - *Typing speed and accuracy testing app*

**Proposal Paragraph:**
I would like to design a typing test application in Java. It will be able to calculate your WPM (words per minute), accuracy rate, save previous tests, have different difficulties. It will have a simple and sleek user interface so that anyone wanting to improve their typing speed (ex. students) will be able to use it. I'm interested in this project because I enjoy building mechanical keyboards and also wish to improve my typing abilities.

## UserStories
- As a user, I want to be able to take a typing test and specify the difficulty, duration, and test content type
- As a user, I want to be able to see a summary of my average WPM, and accuracy after taking a test
- As a user, I want to be able to see the live amount of time left, current WPM and accuracy while I am taking a test
- As a user, I want to be able to restart the exact same test or take a new one
- As a user, I want to be able to input test text content, as a *.txt* file or directly to the program
- As a user, I want to be able to add a test to my typing test history
- As a user, I want to be able to see my overall average WPM and accuracy for my test history
- As a user, I want to be able to view each of my previous tests

## Citations
- https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/TellerApp - Followed basic UI code format
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18830813/how-can-i-remove-punctuation-from-input-text-in-java - How to remove punctuation from a String
- https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_howto_random_number.asp How to generate a random number

Commit message:

Add data persistence user stories

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project 

## JavaType - *Typing speed and accuracy testing app*

**Proposal Paragraph:**
I would like to design a typing test application in Java. It will be able to calculate your WPM (words per minute), accuracy rate, save previous tests, have different difficulties. It will have a simple and sleek user interface so that anyone wanting to improve their typing speed (ex. students) will be able to use it. I'm interested in this project because I enjoy building mechanical keyboards and also wish to improve my typing abilities.

## UserStories
- As a user, I want to be able to take a typing test and specify the difficulty, duration, and test content type
- As a user, I want to be able to see a summary of my average WPM, and accuracy after taking a test
- As a user, I want to be able to see the live amount of time left, current WPM and accuracy while I am taking a test
- As a user, I want to be able to restart the exact same test or take a new one
- As a user, I want to be able to input test text content, as a *.txt* file or directly to the program
- As a user, I want to be able to add a test to my typing test history
- As a user, I want to be able to see my overall average WPM and accuracy for my test history
- As a user, I want to be able to view each of my previous tests
- As a user, I want to be able to have the option to save my test history, when I select the quit option from the application menu
- As a user, I want to be able to have the option to load my test history, when I start the application

## Citations
- https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/TellerApp - Followed basic UI code format
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18830813/how-can-i-remove-punctuation-from-input-text-in-java - How to remove punctuation from a String
- https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_howto_random_number.asp How to generate a random number
